Update Configuring.md (#3269)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/docs/Configuring.md

FT.CONFIG GET *
```

Values set using `FT.CONFIG SET` are not persisted after server restart.

## RediSearch configuration parameters

> The following table summerizes which configuration parameters can be set at module load-time and which can be set on run-time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table summarizes which configuration parameters can be set at module load-time and runtime:
```
